hey what is going on guys my name is
Eric or hazardous and welcome back to
episode 9 of the DJ 5 stunt challenge so
in today's episode we are first gonna go
to take a look at the best BMX stunts
that got sent in from last week's
episode and then of course pick a brand
new challenge for this week's stunt
challenge
okay there we go so thanks everyone is
sent in their stunts make sure to go
back and check them all out two down in
the description below and yeah let's go
and continue with this week's it's done
challenge okay so this week's challenge
is going to be pretty awesome basically
the challenge that f you guys is to land
on top of a roof and you can of course
do any stunts that you want before
landing on top of the roof like maybe
you want to do a line with a plane where
you fly under some bridges and then
eventually land a plane on top of a
building just make sure to finish this
stunt on top of a roof so yeah you can
of course use any vehicles that you want
playing Scarcella copter bikes basically
any vehicle that is inside of the game
so yeah that is basically everything
that you guys will need to know for this
week's down challenge I think you guys
can pull up some amazing stunts before
next week's episode I need to do that
make sure the sentiment to the forum
which is linked down in the description
below but that is going to wrap up this
week's episode of GTA 5 stunts challenge
if you guys enjoyed it the make sure to
give it a big thumbs up let's aim for
1000 likes for this awesome episode and
I will see you guys later take care
you